Add a new multi-select goals filter to the Find Vibe settings screen, alongside the existing toggles (Show me in Find Vibe, Exclude people I follow, Age Range, Distance Range, etc.).
What it does:

A setting called "I'm open to meeting people looking for…" that lets the user multi-select which relationship goals they want to see in their deck. The deck then only shows people whose relationship_goal is in the user's selected set.
The goal options (same 12 as the Browse by Intention tab — pull the exact values/labels from RELATIONSHIP_GOALS in db.ts so they stay in sync):

Long-term partner, Serious commitment, Friendship first, New friends, Activity partner, Travel buddy, Gaming buddy, Language partner, etc. (use whatever the full list in RELATIONSHIP_GOALS is).
Implementation:

Database — add a column to store the user's selected goals (an array):

sqlALTER TABLE profiles
ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS vibe_goal_filter TEXT[] DEFAULT NULL;
NULL or empty array = "open to all goals" (no filtering). This is the safe default so a new user never gets an empty deck by surprise.

Settings UI — in the Find Vibe settings screen, add a row "I'm open to meeting people looking for…" that opens a multi-select sheet listing all goal options with checkboxes. Default state: all selected (open to everyone). Persist the selection through the API server (PATCH /api/users/profile/:userId, service-role key — NOT a direct Supabase call, those hang under RLS).
Deck filtering — in the deck-loading logic / get_vibe_matches RPC (or the /api/vibe/deck endpoint), apply this filter: if the user's vibe_goal_filter is non-empty, only include candidates whose relationship_goal is in that array. If it's NULL/empty, show everyone (no goal filtering). Important: make sure candidates with a NULL relationship_goal aren't accidentally excluded when the filter is active — decide and document the behavior (I'd suggest: if filter is active, only show people who have a matching goal set; people with no goal set are hidden only when a filter is active).
Safety — since you've been fighting empty decks all day, please make sure this filter defaults to "show all" and add it to the debug logging in the deck endpoint (log candidate count before and after the goal filter) so we can see if it's over-restricting.

Please report back:

Migration SQL to run
Files edited (settings UI, API, deck filter)
How NULL relationship_goal candidates are handled when the filter is active
Confirm it defaults to "open to all" and persists through the API server